<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    
    <title>DDI Provider Registrations</title>
    
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_static/epub.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_static/banner.css" type="text/css" /> 
  </head>
  <body role="document">

    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navigation</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../../genindex.xhtml" title="General Index"
             accesskey="I">index</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="../../getting_started/external_incoming_calls/configure_ddi.xhtml" title="Configuring an external DDI"
             accesskey="N">next</a> |</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="ddi_providers.xhtml" title="DDI Providers"
             accesskey="P">previous</a> |</li>
        <li class="nav-item nav-item-0"><a href="../../index.xhtml">IvozProvider Artemis documentation</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="../../getting_started/external_incoming_calls/index.xhtml" >Receive external calls</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-2"><a href="../../getting_started/external_incoming_calls/peering.xhtml" accesskey="U">Peering configuartion</a> &#187;</li> 
      </ul>
    </div>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="ddi-provider-registrations">
<h1>DDI Provider Registrations</h1>
<p>Some providers require a <a class="reference external" href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261#section-10">SIP Register</a><span class="link-target"> [https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261#section-10]</span> active in order to receive
incoming calls to our DDIs. Some of them, even require this register in order
to process our outgoing calls through their services.</p>
<div class="admonition note">
<p class="first admonition-title">Note</p>
<p class="last">IvozProvider supports any kind of <em>peering</em>, but we highly recomend
<em>peer to peer peerings</em>: without authentication, without registry and
validated by IP. This will avoid unnecessary traffic (authentication in each
session and preriodic registers) and simplifies its configuration, just by
leaving most of the fields by default.</p>
</div>
<dl class="glossary docutils">
<dt id="term-username">Username</dt>
<dd>Account number or similar provider by the provider that requires SIP
register.</dd>
<dt id="term-domain">Domain</dt>
<dd>Domain or IP of the registar server. Usually the same as the SIP proxy
of the Peer server.</dd>
<dt id="term-ddi">DDI</dt>
<dd>This will be sent in the SIP Contact header and must be unique in all
the platform. For DDI Providers with an associated DDI, it is
recommended to enter that DDI. In case of multiples DDI for the same
DDI Provider, use any of them. If no DDI is associated with this
DDI Provider just enter an unique numeric value.</dd>
<dt id="term-user">User</dt>
<dd>Authentication user. Most of the time it&#8217;s the same as username, so
it&#8217;s recommended to leave empty.</dd>
<dt id="term-register-server-uri">Register server URI</dt>
<dd>Usually this can be left empty, as it can be obtained from the
Domain. If it is not the case, enter the IP address with the &#8216;sip:&#8217;
prefix.</dd>
<dt id="term-realm">Realm</dt>
<dd>Leave empty to accept the authentication realm proposed by the provider.
Define only if you are familiar to the authentication mechanism used
in SIP.</dd>
<dt id="term-expire">Expire</dt>
<dd>Default suggested register expire time.</dd>
</dl>
<div class="admonition tip">
<p class="first admonition-title">Tip</p>
<p class="last">Similar to the Peer Servers, there are lots of fields in the screen.
You must have into account that most of the provider doesn&#8217;t require register
, and those who does, will only use user, domain and password.</p>
</div>
</div>


          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>

    <div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
        &#169; Copyright 2016-2017, Irontec.
      Created using <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 1.4.9.
    </div>
  </body>
</html>